---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Update on WODs
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-02-14
labels:
  - Coding
  - Learning
  - WODs
---

Do not include the source code in your essay. Instead, address the following:

Provide a brief introduction to the WOD along with a link to this page for further details

Discuss your experiences in performing the WOD. What worked well, what did you stumble on or slowed you down.

Describe what you to did to prepare. What did you do similarly or differently from the WOD before this?

Discuss what you could have done to be better prepared and what you might try differently for the next WOD.

Use the same blog as you did in E1. When you complete your blog entry submit the link to Laulima as you did in E1.

In the last two WODs with the SmartPhoneProducts1 with variables and invoice 1, both WODs felt more tedious than the previous WODs I had to do in the past. That is because there are so many variables you have to add in the code and replace a lot of lines of codes. I wish I knew more effecient ways to get through the work but I had to use a good amount of time to type out things while facing other problems as such as not having a specific character needed for coding on my keyboard. For example, invoice needed a ` in the document.write(), but my keyboard does not have that so I had to spend a minute while recording to just to find that specific character for my website to properly work. I did every WOD similarly by trying it out first and if I did not know how to do it, I would stop and watch the screencast to see what I did wrong and go back again. What I could have done better for these last two WODs would just not instantly stop my recordings if I make a mistake or have trouble thinking what I should do. I can just pause while recording and take a minute or two to think of what I can do. If that is not possible, then I can just redo the WOD, wasting less time in general.  
