---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Assignment 2 Results
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-04-18
labels:
  - HTML
  - CSS
  - JS
  - Assignment 2
---

## Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details
- Code to my page: https://github.com/uhcsuen/ITM352_S22_repo/tree/main/Suen_Carter_Assignment2
Assignment two was adding a register/login page after purchasing products. The user can either register an account if they do not have an account with the server yet. If they have an account, they can login and look at their invoice.

## What did you learn from this assignment?
I feel like the most important thing I learned from assignment 2 was still understanding the fundamentals of how each code written connects with each other to form a working multipage website. Knowing what is the purpose of codes can help figure out why it is in the block of code along with possibility of reusing it again. I learned that searching on Google to find some ideas, possibly answers to incorporate it inside my code is not bad, but it is only bad if you are only copy/pasting codes and praying for it to work. I learned from Professort that just programming a certain idea bit by bit is the better habit to get things done along with working on a different part of a code if you're stuck on a problem. That way, you can make better use of your time and ask Professor Port later on for help.

## Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).
- No, I worked on assignment 2 by myself.

## How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?
I asked Professor Port when I needed any help because he is the most knowledgeable when it comes to resolving the problems I was having. I had a lot of problems that was within the register and login page such as edit registry and removing an unregistered user out of the invoice page.

## How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?
I was less afraid of asking Professor Port for help and I started the assignment a bit earlier than assignment 1 giving me more time to plan what I need help with. After getting help with assignment 1 on the later end of the time range, it made me realize that giving myself more than a week to fix up my code was more appropriate.

## Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
- Thinking about how to do something: 65%
- Writing code: 25%
- Testing and debugging: 10%

## Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?
What worked well for me for this project was setting up the register/login page in server.js and doing things in the server rather than creating different pages. What did not work well for me was trying to send data over to a different page because there were so many problems happening one after another.

## If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?
I would still definitely start earlier than I did with assingment 2 because I was working on the project till the very end of the due date. Maybe I would try making my register/login pages as html files rather than making them in my server.js to create more login security.