---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Assignment 3 Results
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-05-14
labels:
  - HTML
  - CSS
  - JS
  - Assignment 3
---

## Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)

- My store was an electronic store that sold more of computer related products such as laptops, prebuilt pc, and peripherals.

## Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?

- Some problems that my partner Johnny and I encountered was a lot of extra and unnecessary coding from assignment 2 that Professor Port had to point out during office hours. These codes would actually break our current code since it was conflicting with things such as session needed for assignment 3 to function properly.

## Describe what you are most proud of about your system:

- The most proud about my store was finishing both my partner and mine's individual requirement with it to fully function without any problems. (IR1&3)

## Describe what you are least happy with your system:

- The least happy I am with my system is not being able to implement much cookies into our code which made the website not fully complete and felt slightly less satisfied that I could not meet all the requirements to get an A for the last assignment.

## How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?

- Developing assignment 3 was very troublesome because instead of restarting the whole website, my partner I reused our old website that had old assignment 1/2 codes which led to many problems that clashed with the code that we had for the current assignment. It took a lot of extra time that could have been used to complete more requirements.

## When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?

- When Johnny and I ran into a problem, we would first talk it out with each other and try fix the issue on our own. If none of our solutions worked, then we would set up office hours with Professor Port.

## Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?

- What worked well in this assignment was having an extra brain to do assignment 3 because I had someone else that was more knowledgeable about coding and was able to work at the same time as me. This helped us get our work done faster.

## Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?

- What did not work so well in assignment 3 was the insane amount of requirements needed to complete assignment 3. With other classes to worry about, my partner and I missed a few requirements that could make the website design a bit flawed and incomplete to other students.

## What did you learn from doing this assignment?

- I learned a lot about sessions. The way to use it felt a bit more complicated in the beginning, but it was a lot more simpler in the long run that could help connect my invoices and include a shopping cart in my store website.

## If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?

- One thing I would definitely do differently is to do this assignment earlier, even a day earlier because I feel like Johnny and I could have finished the whole assignment with just a little more time. Another thing would possibly be just starting the website from scratch instead of starting from assingment 2 code.

## Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging

- Thinking about how to do something: 50%
- Writing code: 40%
- Testing and debugging: 10%

##  Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)

- My contribution towards the assignment: 45% because I did more of the presentation and some of the coding
- Johnny's contribution towards the assignment: 55% because he spent extra time doing the home page and figuring out how to fix our codes a bit more
- Both Johnny and I worked on everything together at the same time for the most part so it felt more of an even partnership.